fix: Add disclaimer on images availability (#7)
cloudinary-devs/gatsby-transformer-cloudinary: packages/gatsby-transformer-cloudinary/README.md

[Live demo](https://gatsby-transformer-cloudinary.netlify.com/) ([source](https://github.com/jlengstorf/gatsby-transformer-cloudinary))

> > **DISCLAIMER:** If you try running this demo's source code on your own computer, you might face issues as the demo uses assets pre-hosted on the author's Cloudinary account. Before running, please update with images already existing in either your filesystem or your Cloudinary account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **DISCLAIMER:** If you try running this demo's source code on your own computer, you might face issues as the demo uses assets and [transformations](https://cloudinary.com/documentation/chained_and_named_transformations#named_transformations) from the author’s Cloudinary account. Before running, please remove them or replace them with images and transformations from your own Cloudinary account.
```

Author: Thanks Jason, these edits make a lot of sense! All good for me!
